Momo, how did you escape?
I was equipped and when they took me to the hospital,
I took the opportunity to escape. Small 70 cabinet.
Mom, I have already filed a test case for you,
You have to go for an interview tomorrow. Momo,
This is...Mom,
Haven't you always wanted to be an excellent designer?
Is it to pursue your dreams?
Momo, mom will definitely work hard.
Are you not sure about that man yet? Are you not sure about the person?
Who doesn't want to tell Momo? Let's go.
This is where the children come from, really bringing life to the group.
The interview is closed too much
I know your mother is in trouble
My mother called for an interview today
Do you work here too?
I'm the boss of this company